a daily reality in Gaza people Runing in
panic after an Israeli air strike the
attack hit a two-story building in the
Central City of D
albala people were queuing to receive
Aid at the school they were hit 20
Martyrs were buried at the
school in this Hospital in the same area
paramedics burst into tears as they
recognize their colleagues four of them
were killed after an Israeli strike hit
their
ambulance we're being directly
targeted so we won't be able to save the
lives of the
Wounded we've said many times before
that ambulances will be moving but it
looks like they want to stop patients
being saved because of this direct air
strike
in response to Growing International
pressure on Monday Israel pledged that
it would shift to a more targeted
campaign in
Gaza but the fighting appears to be as
intense as before with no indication the
Israeli government is planning to pause
its
campaign Israel has no intention of
permanently occupying Gaza or displacing
its civilian population Israel is
fighting Hamas terrorists not the
Palestinian population and we are doing
so in full compliance with international
law with calls from Washington to
protect civilian lives in Gaza the US's
top Diplomat continues his tour of the
region on Wednesday Anthony blinkin met
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas in
the occupied West Bank we talked as well
about uh the importance of uh reforming
uh the Palestinian Authority Palestinian
governance so that it can effectively
take responsibility for Gaza that so
that uh Gaza and the West Bank can be
reunited uh under Palestinian
leadership blink's fourth trip to the
region since October ends in Egypt on
Thursday his main declare task has been
to stop the conflict from spreading but
a week of meetings with the Region's
most powerful leaders has not eased the
suffering of civilians in Gaza
let's go to Jerusalem now where DW's
Tanya Kramer is standing by for us Tanya
great to see you so South Africa is
taking a case to the international
criminal court today accusing Israel of
genocidal acts in Gaza how is this legal
challenge being received in
Israel well there's a lot of attention
uh uh today uh on the uh opening of this
uh case uh first it will be South Africa
today presenting uh the case uh at the
court and then on Friday uh Israel will
uh present uh its arguments and what
we've been hearing all along I mean
Israel is a party to the uh genocide
convention but uh Israel is also very
firmly reject rejecting uh these
accusations they are saying they're
actually defending uh Israel is
defending itself against the atrocities
that have been committed by the
extremist groups ham and other militant
groups from Gaza uh at during the terror
attacks on October 7 and this is accured
by many of the statements that we heard
by many Israeli officials uh president
itak harok has said that this is an
atrocious uh claim and I think he speaks
for a lot of Israelis here that are
saying it should be actually those
militant groups those terrorist Hamas
that should be standing trial and not uh
Israel Tanya US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is wrapping up his
latest diplomatic tour of the region
have his appeals made any impact on the
Israeli
government well the US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin um came here again
uh to voice uh the concern that the US
wants to see as scaling back of the
intensity of the conflict uh in Gaza uh
that more Aid is coming in that there
will be more done by Israel to prot
protect civilians uh now this is uh to
be seen uh but we also saw the
differences uh in the positions when it
comes to you know the post-war Gaza
discussions I think uh the US would like
Israel to formulate what they have in
mind to do uh after the war ends and uh
Anthony blinkin spoke again about you
know that there needs to be a
Palestinian State on the horizon that's
clearly something uh that the Israeli
government and the United States are not
exactly on the same page and also to
prevent a vder conflict here in the
region thanks Tanya Tanya krer in
Jerusalem
Forest